now yours a golden collector's treasury
of the one and only Brook been in its
ears all the velvet owned magic of the
great Brooke Ventus
you can smile a haunting unforgettable
sound that will live forever Justin
I love you
remember all these great recordings have
never been available in one collection
Russian
where angels fear to create
oh but when you call this toll-free
number now you'll also receive another
entire Brook Benton treasure with
legendary Dinah Washington no could sing
him like Brooke and Dinah
Matt service is the only complete golden
collectors treasury Oh Brook Benton it's
available simple job
bring peace of mind enjoy all is
million-selling hits these are the top
oh now you get a magical
once-in-a-lifetime collection I want to
shine Treasury say be forgiven evil love
to me use your credit card and see and
for order Co dancin
you call now you get both droplet and
Treasuries on to records are two
cassettes for only 1698 two cds only
1998 be sure to order now